PLATFORMER GAME PROJECT CS-A1121 Y2
DANIEL NIKKARI, 653088

1. 
The game so far has a working gui, it's ran from main.py. In the game first
appears a menu screen which has two buttons start and quit. Start button initiates
the map and adds players and npcs to the scene. Quit button quits the application.
In the game player can move their character by pressing w, a, s and d keys.
A is left, D is right, W is jump, S is duck. In the game there are NPCs
(non-player characters). Players mission is to get through these NPCs without
touching them, if player touches an NPC then he will die and game will pause
and give options to either restart the game or go back to menu. Frog NPC
differs to other NPCs in a way that player can jump on it to kill the frog NPC.
The game has a basic set of audio, it has it's theme music playing on loop,
it has an jumping sound effect and click sound effect, in addition it has a
player death sound effect. The game does not have a completed map or a working 
nor score taking or keeping. The game can be ran, however, the loading of the
map will take a lot of time, depending on the speed of the computer.

2. 
You can run the program. 
Program can be ran from the main.py.
So far you can load a map and move your character and get past some demo NPCs
and in case you hit them you get game over screen and get an option to try
again or to go back to the menu.

3.
So far I have spent approximately 30h on the project. The biggest difference for
the time schedule is that I'm ahead of the schedule in terms of the state of the
program.

4.
There has been a problem with clearing the scene from perviously loaded items
that are not needed anymore. I can't find the reason for the crash when trying
to clear the scene. Other problem I have is making a working collision
for player to be able to jump on boxes. In addition, the map loading time is
way too long but I can't seem to be able to work around the problem.

So far the biggest change in plans is the buttons used to control the player and
the changes in time chedule.